# SEE2
==========


SLINGPART2(SEE2)    is a  powerful big  sky  P.L invented    in  JDollar  by  wilmix jemin  j for  cloud  computing at  year  2016.

SLING is  Used  with  JDollar(J$)  invented by wilmix jemin j at year 2015.

SLING has userfriendly framework called as

JAUF. SEE2  is   SLING PART2.....

and it has latest sub  modules  like

JC , Jeb, JShell, JSync, JSLASH, ODollar, Oplus,

 WHTML, Petal, 

VJAVA, VSLASH ,and GJAVA.

 SLING is called as a "SKY  Programming  Language";  since  it  has  many  latest P.L  and  frameworks.

The  difference   between    JDollar  and  SLing  part2 is  

JDollar  Part2  consists  of   framework  and  langauages

but   SLing Part2  consists of  only  frameworks. 

THE LIST OF Latest Frameoworks with Merits
=============================================

1) JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design

2) JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.

3) JEEJ$ -> used for enterprise

4) JSHELL -> used with linux

5) JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEJ$

6) Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.7 features

7)Oplus -> Used in Indian It sector.

8) Tdollar -> can be used as a helper  framework of J$ to eliminate J$ demerits.

9) Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities

It itself act like a framework

10) Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA, J$ professionals

11) WPLUS -> Attractive Indian latest framework

12) VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm  framework.

13) GJAVA -> Used with google  P.L

14) WHTML -> Used with J$ and HTML

15) VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.

16) ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business.

17) UJDollar => it is an american and U.k  framework based on Jdollar used in American and U.k sector.

18) BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking framework invented in JDollar.

19) J$REmote => it is an one minute Automation Jdollar Advanced P.L for creating remoteserver.

20) J$JSLASH => it is an one minute Automation Jdollar Advanced P.L.

21) SAP =>interaction with sap P.L

22) PHY=> Interaction with phython P.L.

23) SAUCER  =>  SLING  WEBDESIGN

24) WSTAR AND  WXML  => for  graphics  and   forms  and  reports  etc.

and  many more... up to 50 latest  frameworks.


